You
I
think truth is good for kids. We're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth no more and then since that
We want everybody to feel good. That's not that's not the way like this
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it and people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie
You know, I don't think I'm a liar. I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar
I think it's like really important not to be a liar
No
Mark mark mark you're so funny as a surgeon you should be speaking out on this
You could save lives if she's but the fuck I didn't know anything about this. How am I meant to know about this?
You know what? I don't know about everything
like
You shouldn't you shouldn't think that just because you're on to something that someone else you'd be doing it to
Buddy we've all got our own jobs to do. I don't tell you what to do
Anyway, I mean the reason why I try to get through to you get your number call you and you're busy last time
And I'm not busy is that look I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid
I think it wasn't good enough mate
and I
Don't know how to explain this to you, but
You know, it was about it was just over an hour, but the thing is
what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and
It was just dragged out and there was not enough substance not enough facts not enough details
and I would also say try and
work on your presentation you
Drag things out and speak very slowly and it's just you need to be a bit more punchy a bit more punchy
But more animated bit more lively
I mean, I don't know if you're just a bit flat that day or what I don't know, but you just I think you're
I know your style
You can have you just could inject yourself with a little bit more energy a little bit more animation
so what I was gonna do actually was
Create some clips of the podcast and do a sub stack
And obviously credit you in reference you and talk about the opioid deaths and all that kind of stuff
So that was the plan. I'm sorry mate. I've just
Got a lot of fucking podcasts. I've got a lot of recordings
I'm trying to keep the quality of the content quite high and I'm afraid on this occasion. It just
It just wasn't good enough
I know that sounds harsh, but I'm just being honest with you
It just the quality wasn't up to scratch. All right, mate. Bye
I'm not sure exactly who he is his name is J. J. Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for
CHD and I believe he has a PhD in
some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand
I
I guess the weakness is is is is all over the place
It really goes all the way back to where the heck did this guy come from and what did he really stand up for?
What was his real message from the very beginning and it doesn't seem to be like there was much of a message
He didn't really stand up usefully until
2022 and then he got a steady stream of what I would consider to be you know people that are interesting to talk to
He was connected to Steven for us to I consider to be a very good guy. I like him a lot
But he put my first video behind a paywall he put
Mike Eden's video behind a paywall and although he can say that they're on on other on other
platforms or whatever it the point is is that what does he promote what does he sell?
What does he put behind a paywall and why would he do that?
Is the idea to save people if the idea is to save people then why are you putting anyone's?
Work behind a paywall. Why aren't you just resting on the laurels of your message having enough?
Having enough sort of value
That that people will will start to spread it now. Here's here's where hold on a minute
What
We're gonna do another test here. How are we doing? Are we okay? Are we? How's everybody feeling? Okay? How are we in the house tonight?
The thing is is that it would be very easy
For doc Malick it would be very easy for
Robert Malone or Sasha Latipova whoever these other people are
You know a Bitcoin experts on signal it would be very easy for those people to be succinct in
The fact that well Jay's right about the fact that Jessica Hawkins right about the fact that
Denny Rancor is right about the fact that I think there was no real evidence of spread in New York City
Jay's right that it's interesting that infectious clones is almost a ubiquitous methodology and RNA virology
And it's definitely the way that all these these these experiments are standardized now
It becomes really curious to think that Barrick was already talking about the cheapness of making RNA and DNA in
2013 now we have a representative from the human genome project telling us that one of the one of the craziest things is is that
We're just on this this exponential some other mark off whatever curve it is that Kurtzweiler says is his going log rhythmic
soon and
All it means is that they can make some DNA
Does it mean they can make it real pure or just kind of pure? I don't even know I
Don't even know what to think when they say that they make a
DNA molecule if I get that DNA molecule and I and I was able to lay them all out on the table
Would they all be identical if that's that's what they made?
I don't even know if the human genome project has produced technology that has that level of fidelity at this point
But they are not talking about these batches anymore
And what's really interesting is that when such a lot to pull this step in front of Craig
Particopper and started taking over the story of batches and came on my stream for example
It's interesting because the idea of placebo was not actually talked about the idea of
Companies purposefully using placebo. This was more
Misconstrued as maybe manufacturing differences or storage differences
We don't know where these different batches come from we have no data
Actually, which is really funny about the actual batches and their content
We just have this loose correlation between people that were hurt and the batch that they report they had
What a curious little thing that not saying that
Transfection in healthy mammals is dumb and that all academic biologists that have used it on their bench
Should have known better from the very beginning of the pandemic and how impossible it is for
Doc Malick at this point not to know that this would be a sort of central
kneecap to hit on every single person that came on his stream like let's do this
There needs to be a unified understanding of how we were
Bent over so to speak and it's incredible to me that instead of dealing with what we are saying
Which is the protocols are murder and there are things about the protocols that we were allowed to talk about like Remdesivir and
and snake venom and not at all about what Kyle side sidell's little videos revealed and what what Pierre Corey's
insistence about
pulse ox and and low pulse ox being a primary symptoms that was spreading everywhere in New York when he arrived two weeks after the peak and
So we have this thing where these people
Wittingly or unwittingly maybe not in the beginning
But eventually we're co-opted into going along with the idea that the big deal to solve was where the hell did this thing come from?
who's responsible for this and
And that's why people make the joke that Ralph Barrick loves me now because people think that I'm somehow protecting Ralph Barrick
There's nobody to protect in this story. They're all part of a
carefully orchestrated national security illusion that includes
academics who have to publish papers that establish the pandemic potential in nature and in in laboratories and
And so he's given talks where he has been spectacularly committed to this lie this potential and how his lab uniquely represents it
And so instead of talking about any of this biology or trying to check any of this biology with any of his
Guests that came after my original podcast with him
Has Doc Malek ever bothered to say hey, what do you think about Jonathan Cooley's idea about transfection?
And that we should have called it that from the beginning and transformation. We should have called it that from the beginning
What do you think about?
Jonathan Cooley's idea of infectious clones being a like the the secret white-auto in the open that they don't really they can't do RNA
Viruses, but they can do transfections in a cell culture and call it that
And so it's interesting because in this Bitcoin chat forum that was is curated by a guy that I've already
Declared a medler to his face several times on the on on the phone a few times
Like I've had to say leave me alone at least three times
Which my personal lawyer says is always already harassment, but we we never did anything about it, but it is true
And so we have this situation now where
Curiously enough
Little Malek has been on this Bitcoin chat forum for quite some time now
And of course he's on there all the time making fun of me and making fun of my connections with Mark and and how I'm
I don't know what
All the while he was
Trying to finagle a
Nearly what is that?
175 thousand dollars a year with a
$50,000 signing bonus was what that mean it would be that first year would be like a hundred and seventy thousand dollars or so that's a
pretty hefty sum of money
For not really having stood up for any principles in
2020 or
2021 and so effectively not saving anyone in his own country never mind around the world
And yet he presumed to assume the position of chief
surgical officer of the
wellness company Europe
It could have been that he was being played it could have been that he he revealed himself to the people who maybe the wellness
Company is actually not that bad and that's the reason why they never went with him
I don't know anymore the speculation is wild at this stage, but all I know for sure is that
That we are being misled
We are being misled by a coordinated group of liars and the the bottom line is is that Sasha La Topova and
Robert Malone were very recently on on
Doc Malick's podcast and he says that he asked people for questions and he asked me for questions
But the questions that I sent to me only asked two of them and two of them were softballs
So it's curious because the other question that I suggested that he asked him had to do with the anthrax vaccine
anthrax after
2001 and what that all had to do with with where we are now
And he did not ask him that question
But then claimed that afterward that Jill sent him a really bad text, you know, like screw you man
You totally screwed us and I just I'm sorry, but my
personal conclusion about
Ahmed Mollick is that he lied about that text because again if you wanted to impress somebody with a text
You just send a picture and now sure enough. I'm sure in a few hours. I'll get a picture from from Doc Malick showing me the text from
From from Jill Glasspool Malone, I'm sure I'm sure it'll come in immediately and I still won't believe it because that the whole concept that
Somebody in the UK is spreading the truth and Robert Malone is going on their stream to do it
After me or before me
Who came before me who came after me on his stream? How did they do it? Who did they talk about? What's in the chats?
You know these these kinds of things all really matter when you start to see that they are coordinating their responses in
in sub stack even when mark or I are not even in the in the comments when somebody mentions me then
Little Malick and and the and the Sasha La Topova have have kind of gagged up and said oh yeah JJ's a blah blah blah
And it's very very impressive to think that they think that
Americans never mind the rest of the people around the world who have been following this stream for a long time are going to believe
A guy who showed up on the stream showed up on the scene two years too late
Um and pretends that he stood up for something, but he didn't actually
Um and never really lost his job. I mean, I don't really get what he means. I don't get how how much pain he's in
Um because the guy built a studio in his backyard in order to start this podcast
It's not like he didn't go all in on on on his work until they threw him out
This guy went in all in on the podcast before he threw got thrown out
I mean, it's kind of a joke to me really at this point that anybody takes that guy seriously
But have you see these these private chats that i've been privileged to
That these the way that these people coordinate their behavior and coordinate their little narratives about how
How how lost jonathan kuli is what you need to see is that we are actually at the brick wall
They've run out of actors. These
These charlatans on regular television and regular social media
Have been augmented for several years now by people on social media that include
Robert melon, maryll nass
A lot of the people that medall in the middle in the in the leadership of chd and ican
As well as a lot of these other people on the internet like jessica rose people that were co-opted early like
mcculla and and and pia kori and they're all wittingly or unwittingly
Willingly or unwillingly
Participating in in the maintenance of this illusion that benefits all of these people and all of them
And all i want to do is make gentle the life of this world as we try to
Pull our kids away from this mythology that all of these people with book deals
With all of these
Foreigners that claim that they're trying to save america and the world at the same time
And that's why we've got to listen to them all of these people with dual citizenship in different places
All of them have been meddling with us from the very beginning
It is highly likely
That this wave of lies has been coordinated beyond our wildest imagination since before
We knew who robert malone was or who pia kori was or or who any of these people were back when canuit with causki
And mike yeden were the only two people that we were hearing from or or wolf gang woda
That that that's when this wave was created and it was created with a lot of coordinated lying
Not just on regular tv but on social media and podcast bros with shows
And so if you are here for a while you've been here at the top of the wave and welcome to it
Um, this is a place where we stay focused on the biology. We don't take their bait and we love our neighbor
But these people aren't our neighbors. These people are active medlers
They have been trying to meddle with my family personally for over four years
Never mind the last two years or so when the story really started to come out that that
That
This was just a long line uh one in the long line of of sort of
Mythology
Tomes that has been released in order to make sure that people are too confused to to step out of this mythology
And if you think this is worthwhile, please share the stream with everybody and anybody that you know
I
Yeah, i've been hoping for a paradigm shift for a while now and I do actually think we're getting there
And it's a lot of it has to do with the independent work of a guy by the name of mark kulak
At husatonic it s
Husatonic live on youtube live two and live three has helped me also to pull my own hands down
And uh, I think it's going to require learning
Biology and learning the history of these biological ideas in order to engage in the non-compliance that we want to engage in
In order to be able to pull our children out of this mythology
We need to really understand the way it was laid down
Well for better or worse, we're back here. I hope that there is some
Degree of relationship between the movement of my lips and the appearance of the sound in your ears
Um, it is the 16th of may
uh
And uh, I needed to update my Nvidia card. I had to update my atam. I had to update the windows drivers
It was all kinds of stuff. So i'm very happy. Thanks for saying that it's in sync and if you're lying to me
I love you even more
Um, ladies and gentlemen, this is giga ohm biological. I'm a human just like you
Which means that I don't have a tech crew or anything like that. I could ask my sons
But actually i'm their tech crew
Um, so, you know, we had trouble today, but we're back on and the message hasn't really changed the the amount that people try to ignore it
Has has ramped up quite significantly
And instead of talking about these three basic points
They want to attribute bad motives or or some kind of military intelligence role for me because i'm self emulating
emulating by by exposing some of these people now if these people are
Are innocent
Um, then it should be very easy for people to say, you know, jay's wrong
And I totally agree with him when he says that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
With the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and rna cannot pandemic now
There are lots of people who could take those three words at the bottom there rna cannot pandemic and run like hell with them
But they're not
Instead they're working very hard to attribute bad motives to me
And bad motives to mark and this is just par for the course because the spread of bad ideas is much scarier
And more dangerous than the spread of any rna molecule and I would argue that a lot of these people again
Wittingly or unwittingly willingly or unwillingly have been participating in a national security
Operation which was designed to make sure that we would adopt the understanding that pandemics happen it did happen it could happen again
Um, this this is a problem for us, of course
It has been described by this guy many times and i'm going to keep going because again
This is a jazz show
And so we've got to repeat this work over and over again
But the argument that this guy makes the the presentation that this guy gives that you can look up on youtube under the name james giro donno
It is a presentation that is very succinct, but it's also the
brochure version of it there of course
Lots and lots of layers to a plan like this and this guy goes around giving relatively public talks
And certainly talks that can be posted on youtube
And those talks again are the forward facing
brochure version of what would be a real pandemic
Operation which we've just experienced and are indeed still experiencing
Um up right up until today
My argument is is that the people can be identified
Who say that the covid shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020
If they're not willing to go back and revisit how the illusion of a pandemic was created
Through a wicked combination of fraud and and and probably malfeasance and also murder
We have a situation where a couple maybe mass casualty events, maybe
mass
Bookfaking events were used by social media in order to misconstrue
What was probably a maybe a bad flu year
Misconstrued it into the start of a worldwide pandemic
That would impact all of the world's economies for several years
And I really I really think it's important to consider the possibility
That not just the people on television like tony fauci would be controlled
but actually people like a senator who is participating in such an exercise would be controlled or at least in the sense of
Unwittingly participating in the theater
Which amplifies the threat of both a natural virus and a laboratory leak and the people on that side of the screen over there
I believe especially the ones the farthest over here. I can see my arrow these guys over here all in this bunch
um
They are responsible for
uh
Sort of sculpting this limited spectrum of debate and there may be a mastermind in there or two
My guess is if we go back to this picture
Kevin McCurnan in terms of molecular biology knows more than everybody on that screen except for maybe
Robert Malone who
In my limited, you know, I've only watched him for let's say 25 hours or so
He's never given me the impression that the guy knows a lot of details
Um, he he's a capable memorizing and reading a lot of things that make it seem like he knows details
Um, but it would be interesting to hear him talk
Usefully about molecular biology in a basic sense because I haven't even heard him do that
um
So but other than that there's really nobody over there that's sophisticated enough even Jessica Rose who who had an almost aha
uh, eureka moment when I was presenting in uh 2022 or 2023
On on st. patrick's day with her and john bodewin and kevin mccurnan and stephanie sineff from mit
um this little five person
Uh mini seminar was actually really interesting because there there were a couple of mealy mouth challenges to the idea
Of infectious clones as being the basis for rna virology
And those those objections were actually kind of amateur and it really showed that I don't know if he didn't prepare or
The person that prepared him didn't prepare but but I had already
I mean I was already aware of of this gene and I had already researched
It was part of the reason why I was pretty confident that the that the fidelity of rna replication had not equal dna
And there's still at least one or two orders of magnitude difference and so then there's still
This whole concept of what are we talking about here his different depending on how you how you want to discuss fidelity
And he tried a couple times to push back
Just like bret weinstein has tried over several years to take little bits and pieces and pretend like he's listening
like in 2021 or 2022 mentioning my name or
Heather saying that oh transfection is what we should call it
But then did they change that did they start calling it transfection? No, but tonight
Today we're going to see a video where actually bret says
transfection agent twice and it's on a tucker carlson interview, which is very interesting, right?
What an interesting place to decide to be precise for the first time
And then when you're talking about it to be precise in a particular way about a particular issue
Which unfortunately for me
Um is one of the reasons why i left panda because this
This person was in panda and just drove me bananas with this theory
All the time is if it explained everything and that we didn't have to learn
Anymore biology because a few back of the napkin calculations about how many molecules are where
Can explain the damage that's done with intramuscular injection? It just made me sick
And lo and behold two or three days ago
This john kambal guy puts this guy on his stream and they talk about this stuff and so it's really spectacular because
um
I do really feel like i'm one of the people that's seen the alien earliest and i'm not talking about there's no virus
That's not the alien the alien is this this amorphous mass of liars
deceivers
Wittingly and unwittingly performing as part of this
This national security operation and I just can't believe
How obvious it is to me now and how?
How frustrated I can feel at sometimes that I didn't see it earlier
I didn't take the advice of some people to see
Some of these people from the angle that I do now
um
But they've all
They've all been a part of this conscious and intelligent manipulation of our habits mostly distraction and running out the clock
but
Also, just really making sure that nobody asks the right questions and they didn't just do it with Pulitzer prize winning cartoons
They also did it with with people on the internet that that had little bros with shows
That had big bros with shows that had big shows with bros
And their whole idea was to prevent this
This ability for us to say no, which is a very integral part of the principle of informed consent
And I would argue that people like robert malone
You don't even need to know
His his background to know that his story
And if you line them up month after month and year after year
You can clearly see that this guy didn't just come out scream in the truth
This is somebody who came out and very very titratively revealed what he knew
Um even took back or corrected some of the things that he said and before he officially came out and ruined Brett Weinstein's life
By getting him canceled on youtube
Um his wife and he were actually seemingly
Positioning themselves to get some kind of intellectual credit for having come up with the idea of
Injecting people would live in nanoparticles in r&a might be a way to transfect them
Um
And you could call it vaccines and then you could get away with never having to test anything again
Which is of course the interesting thing right
Even back then when he was working on this stuff
It was already obvious to them that the the childhood vaccine schedule was the place to be
Are you kidding me? You don't think he knows that
He didn't know that back then that all of his bosses didn't know that back then
So this whole idea
That is that these people were seeding this scooby-doo narrative of a back cave virus or a gain of function lab leak
And their idea behind seeding it was to slow roll us
Into accepting the fact that there was a virus it did spread and that's why these people are also very insistent
About their experience with this virus where we're on
Robert Malone will insist that he was at a super spreader event and that's what makes him
a card-carrying infected person
Um, he will say that he got transfected because he had to travel, but then you'll hear
Uh, steven hat Phil say on tommy's podcast that now you didn't have a card when we went to roa and it was pretty funny
And then you have maryll das saying that she's been infected three times with covid
Although she never tested for it. It was definitely those symptoms
And of course she treated herself with ivermectin or some other magic thing that only works on this stuff and cancer
And the other thing that find strange is that so many of these people have the same damn story
They had to because they were early
And they needed early legitimacy every one of them even kevin mccairn that guy way out in the boondocks of the internet
Um streaming from japan
That guy also had one of the earliest cases of covid and he says he got it at a super spreader rent in korea
The
The guy who said in march of
2020 that a billion people could die and that it was better to stay home and and and make masks
That was streaming with paul cotrell and inviting me to stream with paul cotrell and fight against paul cotrell's sale of
silver and stuff
Drastic was the same kind of operation where you have people
Laying down this narrative that you have a mystery to solve that you've already solved it that you're on the verge of solving
And they're covering it up. So you got to work harder to make sure that the origin story is revealed
To rule out
that uh
Somebody didn't let this puppy loose intentionally
And who would have let who would want to let loose an agent
In the the literally beating industrial heart of china
Um, I doubt it was the people's republic china
So, uh, I can't resolve, you know these different
Potential ways that this agent could have gotten loose
But but the fury and cleavage site and some of the other signs whether or not there is an hiv sequence in there
um
It it it kind of it looks an awful lot like something that came out of laboratory research and
But in a sense it kind of doesn't matter because here we are
You know, it's gone worldwide
now one of the things about this
all this
issue about what happened and we're on
Is that I had this uh colleague that I
What i'm reminded of when he says, you know, it's we're stuck with it now. It's gone worldwide. What's what's interesting to me
Is that um
When we watched that that video with with judy mikovitz on the news in navada and she was talking about
chronic fatigue syndrome and she was talking about her virus whichever one it was
They were talking about a virus being a latent virus that was activated by vaccines
And so it's always there in the background and that was what was scary about it
That's what the they were defining the problem as a virus in the background
That you couldn't do anything about it was already there
It just had to test people to find out if they had it
And that you might be able to vaccinate against that virus in order to make vaccines work better
Think about this very carefully please think about it very carefully what he just said
I don't know. Maybe I should even take it back a little bit just so you hear it
Yourself here. We are, you know, it's gone worldwide
Now one of the things about this all this
So it's gone worldwide. So in a way
They
They got to the point where it's just in the background as quickly as they could and in fact
The lab leak hypothesis and it's spreading faster than any virus ever in the world as charles rixie said and
Fleming said and mccaren said it was designed it had had these fear and cleavage sites
They never put in the vaccine and this one had it and now it flew around plus hiv and all this other stuff
He said fear and cleavage site. He said hiv
Sometimes they say staphylococcan and teratoxin B homologies or or other mimicry
But the point should be very very very clear and I hope it is these people
laid down a narrative
That would allow them to cover up the known and expected damage
That would be caused by transformation and
Transfection and to confound it with the release of a gain of function virus that spread so fast
We're just kind of stuck with it now
Whereas remember in the brat wine steam podcast, which was just one month before this
And brat was still going for zero covid and claiming that if we gave everybody ivermectin for a month
We could get to zero covid and robermolo is kind of
Maybe it's pop maybe I don't know if I agree with you, but it's not a terrible idea
And now already a month later we're stuck with it
Just like the the journalist garret on that's that cnn show that we watched said that you know
The worst case scenario with these epidemics is if we're to go and epidemic is we're referring to go endemic
Meaning we'd be stuck with it forever. We have another virus that we have to cope with
In reality, that is the main message. That's what the scooby-doo mystery that we have been led to solve
Gets you to accept whether you're on the left or the right whether you thought it early or whether you thought it late
Whether you're afraid of the shot or not
The bottom line is is that every everybody on social media and everybody in the news is now coming to the realization that they must have kind of
Well, I don't know
Maybe they covered it up. I mean it could be and then you have this ed yarm guy who's insisting that no no
The viruses from nature are bad enough because there's too many of us and we're encroaching on nature and it's happening all the time
And there are millions of viruses in every mammal and yada yada yada
And so you see where we are right you see how how
Potentially dangerous it is if these people were let loose on us in order to
Masquerade as heroes and and sculpt a limited spectrum of debate and what would really be scary
Is if some of these people were already operating before the pandemic even started what would really be scary if Brett Weinstein's whole stunt at
Evergreen state was just orchestrated in order to propel him onto the internet to give him some
seemingly spontaneous
Incredibility as a podcaster
All the while with his brother and joe rogan and all these people plotting to
Set up a bros with joe's network that would have
Sponsorships and and be able to be elevated by who by the people that own the social media on which these people are going to circulate
And so who cares if there's censorship on youtube but they can get their message out and and and it can be amplified on places like twitter
or
Facebook or
gab or getter or telegram or any of these other places
And then when you take something like sub stack and you inject the possibility that money laundering could be going through there
And nobody can monitor where the money's coming from or who's getting it or who's subscribing for real or not
You can see all the openings for the reasons why Jessica rose rose on sub stack even though she writes sometimes only once a week
Where robert malone writes on sub stack his own stuff maybe 17 to 25 pages a day plus posting other people's stuff
And so all of these people are being elevated as part of this orchestrated controlled narrative
That is designed to be a slow-motion controlled demolition of america
We're supposed to eventually come to the conclusion what he just said right there
What did he say he said that we did it
We thought in this video he says that we thought that that the
Chinese had spent a billion dollars a year on a containment infrastructure for our future SARS
And so we were pretty confident that we could release a SARS virus on them in their in their metropolitan areas
And it would it would never get to us because they're prepared for it. It would just screw them
That's what robert malone just said in 2021
And that's very disturbing if he's positioning himself to be part of an administration or positioning self
Himself to advise a cabinet member or whatever it might be in a future administration. It's terrifying
Because there is no question that the three things that we say at the beginning of this stream that we have on that green and yellow slide
Are absolutely as close to the truth as any anti-vaxxer has ever gotten
It's i'm sorry to toot my own horn
But all these people who have been working for so long have never been able to succinctly say what's going on here
And that's one of the objections I have to somebody like maryll ness who well, maybe it wasn't a lab leak
You know, maybe it was deliberate. That's one thing you have to consider
But the other thing is you just look at the genome
There are so many
Things different things that have been changed. There's at least a dozen things in that genome that are very odd
and that cause
Specific
medical problems
So there are
Things in that genome that are
there to
Impact your immune system
You know and make it harder for you to fight off the infection
There
People knew when they created the vaccine for instance, the spike was very toxic
Why would you take the most toxic part of this virus and make a vaccine out of that part you
You'd need to
to
Decrease the toxicity before you made the vaccine, but they didn't
There were when fauci had his phone call on february 1 with about a dozen virologists
Um, it was mentioned that there were six different weird things in the genome
So on february 1 february 1 2020
These spooky virologists
Um
Who had who have worked on biological warfare issues before as well as other things
Um, we're aware of six things in the genome that had probably been
Uh added in a laboratory and we've discovered more since then
So if you actually and i'm not a geneticist, i'm not a virologist, but I you know, I can read
If you acknowledge that to be true and it's been very well documented
There's no question, but that this was designed in the lab
And I'd posit that there's a good chance that different parts of it were designed in different labs and then those parts were put together
and um
Since ralph barrack and shijangli were sharing
Um, they're the mouse the humanized mouse model. They were sharing other things
Um, it's certainly possible that bits from both left and there are other labs around the world
I mean, there are coronavirus labs in australia in
uh
Singapore and Taiwan, you know and in europe. I mean they're all over so other ones in the united states as well
So there are many possibilities from where it could have come from and
In my mind so so we know it's it's been created in a lab
Did it leak or was it deliberately spread and people say at first well it had to have been
the wuhan lab because that's where it showed up
But me having a background in biological warfare and tell you that you always are going to pick an organism
So that it appears to be natural
So you're gonna if you want to spread it you spread it in a place where the would where the lab leak would appear
right, um, and you
If you are able you use a strain that looks like a natural strain
But the people who made this we're looking for a highly highly virulent organism
She's a good mind reader
So they couldn't make it look natural. They must have known that once scientists really got a hold of it
Um, they'd figure out
you know
So
The scooby-doo is being played on us and the objection that I have with with maryll nast is that
With her decades-long experience with bioweapons, it seems like she could be a little bit more clear
about the impetus for faking exaggeration, etc
And instead she is very convinced of the fidelity and ability of
virologists to generate something that can again
By itself go around the world
And I just cannot believe that after four years of this stuff that we still have people
That are basically saying what I would have said in 2020 is if it's something profound
And they are being amplified by fake media
This person is definitely fake media
I think that they're most fake media are just people that really want to be on screen
Really just want to be famous
And so they'll they'll if you're gonna give them a news show and tell them who to interview
And tell them what not to say to a certain extent that there's a lot of people who will do exactly that
Um, and they don't have to know that they're being played
She can believe that maryll nast is totally good. In fact maryll nast can even believe what she's saying
But I don't think that the amount of times that she's been in front of a microphone and the number of times
That she's been asked to her opinion in front of the senate or in a podcast
Or in an interview or or on a panel
That she's ever been able to succinctly say that you know what?
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting to the immune system is kind of dumb
And that's why I spoke out against the anthrax vaccine
That's why I work for chd because I think that a lot of these untested products are actually not working the way that they say they are
But her message is always extremely titrated. Yes, we can find instances. We can find vlog posts
But what i'm talking about is is that every single day
That she gets somewhere she should be giving a a overarching message of public health is working against you
But she's never done that
It's always a very carefully titrated
pseudo attack a pseudo pseudo reveal
Because in reality she could have said that here too
That this is just part of the same system that I've been fighting for five or ten years with chd and robert f Kennedy jr
This is the same system that we got our horribly criminal vaccine schedule from
But my guess is if you watch that whole interview there they won't even come close
To to saying that and then you might say well, she can't say that or she'll get off the air
She won't be able to be on rumble anymore. Well
At what point in time is she gonna say it?
Somebody like maryll nass who has supposedly been a bioweapons expert for like 20 years now somehow
With no pub med record
Or a small one, I guess I don't know
I'm just confused ladies and gentlemen i'm confused because I don't know how it is possible
That everybody is ignoring the fact that a lab leak of an rna is not
Resulting in a pandemic is just simply not possible
And it doesn't matter what hiv inserts or any other things that you change especially
Especially think about this very carefully what she said in this video
Especially if the dozen or so things that are changed in the viral genome
Are changing and causing specific disease symptoms
How do those changes help the virus to go from
You know making a small outbreak after a guy comes back from a bat cave and and goes on a train
to a
Global pandemic that is still trackable now because it's on a background where it wasn't before
All of those presuppositions of the national security narrative that there was a virus
Wasn't a virus and then there was a virus
That there wasn't a virus and then there was a new virus that there's a new virus and now we're stuck with it
That it's most likely that they made it and that may explain why we're stuck with it
Oh
My they made it so maybe that's the reason also why when we chose the spike protein the most toxic
Protein in the genome that we we are screwing everybody up
And this ladies and gentlemen, I beg you to understand as a narrative about a spike protein that i've been trying to break since really 2021
Somewhere in in between the in the first
Quarter of 2021 is when I really started to be able to see that they were going to try and
Do a bait and switch and had all these people talking about the spike protein for a year already
Because their idea was they're going to blame
the injuries from
Transfection on the spike protein and now we have companies selling
Products that that save you from the spike protein. They don't save you from the dangers of
Transfection or from the potential for auto immunity from transfection. They
Save you from the spike protein
Let's listen to this dude
Wait, what?
Oh, yeah, sorry
So we have this illusion, right?
This is the illusion that they have been that's why ralph barrack is so important ralph barrack's work his actual publications
And his and his postdocs and they'm believing it all is part of this illusion that what they're doing
Is playing with pandemic potential? Are they playing with rnas? I think so
Are they putting rnas on cell culture and then something is happening that maybe some membrane bound vesicles
Something that might be able to be called an exosome or something like that is being produced
And then that can provoke an immune response. It can provoke a
An antibody neutralizing effect. It can it can be pulled down in a in a western blot
It can be identified with a ELISA test that doesn't necessarily mean that now virology exists
It just means that they can make dna they can make rna they can sequence for it. They can amplify parts of it
And yet these little tricks these little these little baits and switches these little
Shell games have been played and all those shell games always lead to so we made a synthetic version of the sequence
We made dna of it. We made a lot of it. We put it on a cell culture and that's where we're going to start
And at the very very best then they might take that thing and put it in some animals
And then that's going to be their their model. So does flu exist
I am sure that there are respiratory diseases
And I'm sure that there are lots of people who believe that there is some kind of contagion that flies around
And it may very well be that there are
But most likely then it would become a signal from other people
A immune signal that is produced by other people's immune system
Um a a signal produced by those people
Um, I don't I don't purport to understand it. I don't even purport to say that flu isn't real
You see the problem here flu virology is actually some of the more
Let's say
I mean they have some pretty pictures. They are able to grow stuff in those eggs and that's part of the problem
Right, that's part of the reason why
Andy Kaufman and Tom Cowan are a little bit off. They're just it's an easy way
out to nowhere
We actually need to revisit all of these observations revisit all of these models so that we really do start to
to
Sort of take control again of our understanding of reality our model of reality because right now our model of reality
Includes a worst case scenario that is a gain of function by a weapon
And that model of reality is being forced on our children by
Meryl nass and roberm alone and piacory
And all of these people who refuse to look back at 2020 and 2021 and question what exactly happened
And whether or not
Denny rancor or jessica hockett or nick hudson or myself or mark kulek have anything
To say worth listening to no they're never going to do that because they even amplify themselves
Hand each other on twitter very obviously all the time
Jessica rose almost as I don't think she's ever promoted me she might have promoted that that
She might have promoted that that
St patrick's day thing because she was in it
Um, she may have promoted a interview that she was in when I gave her
I interviewed her on my stream or when when we were on something together
But she's never promoted my ideas as good never promoted my stream as good
Never said anything about that first slide or about this one
Ever since she had this really hey jay
Are you going to tell us about the mixtape analogy and the seedy analogy because that one really worked for me
After you I heard you say that I was up all night and it really made sense
Made so much sense that she's never said anything about it again
Never promoted the idea again never bothered to encourage anyone to listen to me again
Because she is part of this this little nato crew
This little international crew of people that is helping to your from your pilot genetic analysis
Which is very nice is there
Some way to be predictive meaning
Right now we're in a situation where we have to play whack-a-mole every 10 years
Where a new one's going to emerge is there's some way we can look across the spectrum of the coronavirus and say
You know, these are the three or four that we should be looking for in the next few years
I think the advent of synthetic biology or synthetic genome design actually may allow us to get to that question cheaply
So it's the price of synthesizing viral genomes get down to about five cents a base
You know, it's going to cost $1,500 the synthesizer coronavirus genome which may scare that
That don't want to say scare the hell out of some of us
But it does allow us to ask those questions in an affordable manner
The other way to do it even more cheaply is to actually clone out the spike genes
And make in essence for confidence where you drop the spike gene of different bad coronaviruses that you think may have appropriate properties that could be
emergent pre-emergent strain
and characterize their ability to replicate in human self. So what is the spike gene according to my
best guess understanding of exosomes when your body communicates between tissues or even communicates with
other cons specifics around you
It will package small genetic signals either DNA or RNA most likely mostly RNA
Into a small lipid particle called an exosome and on the outside of that exosome there may or may not be
A protein which makes that message a little bit more specific
like a mailbox finder or a
Key and a lock kind of thing which again, we are attributing now and and
Ralph barrick and all of these virologists attribute exclusively to viruses
They've come up with a way of taking our lipids and and putting us
A key molecule on the outside that works perfect with our our locks and it can go in different places
And so what he's proposing basically is that there is a consensus
Self-replicating RNA that we understand as this signal in bats and in other animals
And we want to study it. So we're going to make this synthetic DNA
Consensus of it and then we're going to replace the outside proteins which encode for
What cells it can bind to or enter or what interact with
And we're going to just change that one with recombinant DNA technology and make clones of all of these things just like we've explained before
so essentially
The diversity of coronaviruses has been greatly enhanced
Because they just make synthetic versions of what they say they found in nature
And then they work from there and the establishment of the virus itself is based on
The making of that synthetic RNA
And so what I find frustrating and what I think a lot of these people really want to try and distort
Is that my argument isn't that that means that viruses exist in the way that they say
It means exactly the opposite. It means that viruses don't exist in the way that they say
They're almost intractable experimentally from mother nature and in order to overcome this problem
They can create the illusion of all this extra diversity back there
By using techniques
Featured in a book like this
The metagenomic sequencing techniques that are featured in the viral storm by and by nathan wolf
And so you amplify all of the signals in the background and then you look for
Signals that signal coronavirus to you
But if of course there are exosomes from the mammal that you sampled there are exosomes from the environment
There are there are bacteriophages from the environment and they all end up into this
Modge podge of sample that you amplify everything in then the odds of you finding a
Sequence that will give you a positive amplicon give you a positive signal for an RNA dependent RNA polymerase
Knowing full well that we use them and other animals must use them too
Then you're not really finding anything that's indicative of a coronavirus. You're finding an enzyme
And that's indeed how the solution was started. They find the enzyme
Then they say they look for the spike and then they take that spike and they make a whole
Self-replicating RNA DNA construct from it and they put that out of cell culture and then that becomes their virology
And so the only question is what really happens in those cell cultures and to what extent
Is that biologically relevant to the real world in my mind?
It doesn't matter because what's biologically relevant in the real world is what he says
And what kevin mccarn says and are not kevin mccarn
But kevin mccernan says and what ray kirtzweiler says about the impact of the ever
exponentially decreasing cheapness of making RNA and DNA
Now I would really like to talk to mike eden or someone else with some real manufacturing experience about what they can actually do
And what they claim they can do because if you talk to kevin mccernan
I guess kevin mccernan would say that if you want to make leaders of a pure dna molecule
That's really easy and to what extent that purity is pure
What kind of contaminants would be in there how much variation there would be in a quantity of that size?
I don't know I don't know to what extent that they've lied about this stuff, but I do know it's pretty
It's pretty likely that they have lied
It's pretty likely that when they try to make a pure copy of a dna molecule
They get it right most of the time, but not all of the time
Which again is a problem from the perspective of using this as a transfection or transformation
Technology basis in healthy humans
It's fine if you're trying to mess with the biology of an animal or the biology of a of a of a of a litter of animals
Or even the biology of a whole you know
A whole animal facility full of animals
That's very different than when you start to say that you're going to augment the immune system of a healthy child or even a pregnant woman
with transformation or transfection and and claim some
Extreme fidelity in the manufacturing or extreme control over the sequence that you're actually producing and to a large extent
We're supposed to take their word for it that has that becomes cheaper to make it
They're also making it better or with higher fidelity when my guess is is that
They try very hard for us not to know the real fidelity of this product and the products like it
They try to make us really not understand that and it may be that 99% of it is is the dna molecule that they claim
But that 1% could be very very deadly from an immune
Immunological perspective
If you think about contamination and what signals we don't know
All of this stuff just discounts the the sacredness that's present at this irreducible complexity that these people don't want to acknowledge
And you can see that Ralph Barrick is kind of he's kind of uncomfortable with this
I think because he knows it's an illusion of consensus. He doesn't feel good
About talking about oh, you know, we're making stuff in laboratory. He doesn't want to be that guy, but that's his job
And so I think these people came out very very early and they had a lot of controlled narratives that they were going to roll out
And whichever ones rolled out and stuck they they amplified
And so they knew which ones they definitely wanted to amplify
You know the whole discussion of bears was a neutered discussion from the very beginning because oh my gosh all these numbers
And then you just have these other people on the other side saying yeah, but those numbers are not verified. That's just dumb
And so
An exclusive focus on bears from the very very beginning
That was only really complemented by a focus on the spike protein as evidence of gain of function was a completely neutered narrative
Nobody was ever going to win if that was your position and in fact
So many of the people that we ended up following in 2020 if you can remember back then
Really were exclusively focused on a gain of function spike protein as evidence and they were they were really really focused on
Really really focused on bears being evidence of something very very bad
And how many of these people were advocating for lockdowns just not lockdowns on everybody
I mean the great barington declaration is kind of a fraud in that sense to me because I didn't see through it
I signed the great barington declaration
It seemed reasonable to say that we shouldn't lock everybody down because I had kids in school and I didn't want them locked out
But at that time I didn't see that that was effectively just somebody pretending to stop the train pretending to stand up
Because they were epidemiologists
That's the crazy part about it. They could have looked at the data or demanded the data to understand exactly what was going on
But they in no way shape or form usefully or or or in any wise
Question the the illusion the narrative that was there this
novel virus
They just questioned the lockdown
Some people were just standing up for early treatment and ivermectin
Some people were just standing up for the idea that no no there's natural immunity. That's ridiculous. There's overlapping immunity with
previous coronaviruses
And that's where I found myself arguing about the fact that well there are other sars and there were other sars
And so if there were lab leaks and stuff then maybe there's a background
That we're all immune to that there were all seroprevalent two at times
And so the idea that they're taking this background that we're all
reacting to all the time that we've always been reacting to that we're always seropleverant to some of the time and
Distorting it as a new signal from a new virus that just came out for the first time
And the concept that that
Idea
is just
Patently ridiculous to robert malone. It's so ridiculous. He won't even entertain the idea
It's patently ridiculous to sash a lot to pove it had to have been a toxins
And the d o d
And it's absurd to maryll nass who's a
Lifelong
Bioweapons expert and insists that she's been infected with covid untested three times
And that she's treated successfully a lot of people with ivermectin
And so obviously there was something new
Look at the symptoms that she's seen in her patients or heard in her telemed conversations
And so this is how it was created. It was a scooby-doo it was a mystery that we solved
And these people getting us to argue about different things were part of this mystery and getting us to spend hours
Arguing about some of these irrelevant things was part of this mystery because as long as you're working on those details
You're not asking the question of did they just murder people and lie about it
That's the only question that none of these people will ask
None of these people will state even as succinctly
As we have said it over the last few weeks
None of these people that are part of the team worst case scenario that's trying to confound the effects of a gain of function spike with a
A a still spreading risk additive pathogen
Most of the people on team worst case scenario are not americans
Most of the americans that are part of worst team worst case scenario. I think were co-opted early because they did try to stand up
I think that might be p.r. Corey. I think that might be
Uh ryan cole. I think that might be uh peter mccollum
And so we have to give them room and and and pray for them to have courage that they if this is indeed
The case that they have the courage to stand up and and and and free our children from this illusion and of course that would be
Uh a very very difficult move for any of them to make
But even privately calling me and edifying my work by saying dude you're on the right track would be really helpful from any of them
So if if there's any ounce of courage any of these people left
And they are still interested in trying to oppose the slavers that are are doing this to us
Now is really the time because the coming
The coming battles are going to get get pretty ugly. I can feel it already because we are again
Like I said, we are at the end now. There are no more actors to bring on stage
um
the the
Actors are now being exposed
and
Robert Malone is really at the heart of these actors and the heart of this
This whole
Dissident movement. That's why he's traveled the world with sasha latipova and and jessica rose and maryll nass and and pere corey
And that's why they have hot tub pictures and and shoe pictures. Um, these are all
part of the same
Illusion of consensus and i'm i'm absolutely certain that what makes robert melon
Especially important to understand is how many people have been
Fooled by him how many people have been fooled by maryll nass to believe that these people are really standing up for us and are really
Fighting for america when in fact they are working for the people who are trying to destroy her
That's why he didn't save any americans from the shot. That's why he didn't bother to save
Any of the us military from the shot
And early on in the pandemic he was saying he worked for ditra and the dod and we and we and we but when it came
to
to saving people from a mandate
It's nowhere to be found he was just making sure novio was ready in case they got the call
He was just trying to make sure that steve kirsch had all his paperwork in for the euase
And
And I think these people are a lot of them now it's it's hard to excuse them anymore
I think they've been knowingly spreading these bad ideas notably knowingly interfering with me
Um and my ability to to earn a living with my
On behalf of my family and I think at some point
We're all going to have to come to the conclusion that even the novirus people at some point
Some of them were not playing a fair game and that's the reason why
They went around and around and around in the same hamster wheel of
Culturing viruses isolating viruses and purifying viruses
Rather than also talking about the fact that virology is so dumb
That they would actually lie about it. They would actually create fear uncertainty and doubt
They would actually give do not resuscitate orders under the idea that we we don't want any more spread
And so that they would have lots of people that would normally get an ambulance and maybe even get a get a little, you know
A shock and then then their heart attack would be okay
These people were allowed to die and we don't know how many people were allowed to die at home
But it doesn't seem like all the numbers in new york are real
Simply because there is no there are no traumatized emps
There are no traumatized nurses or or fire department members or police officers
That had to deal with the supposed leaf almost 5,000 people dying per week for three weeks
And so I think it was a very clever combination of
Pulling numbers from from december and january and declaring them dead in in
February or march
It could have been several months of data that was pulled forward
It could have been all kinds of different means of fraud
But the the chances that there were actually
About 25,000 people killed in five weeks in new york city and all those bodies were dealt with and there's no trauma from that
No memorial from that is highly unlikely
It's interesting that the story of the
Protocols being murder has always been sliced and diced into different things like remdesivir
Or or ventilators or anything like that
But they never really get to the point where anybody said that we weren't using antibiotics when we should have
That we used only one time. I've only heard one person say it was robert malone in 2021
That we used dexamethasone to beat down people's immune system so we could get them out of the hospital and send them to care homes
So imagine if you had these people in the icu
They were already sick with pneumonia and you wanted to get them out of the icu because covid's coming
And so you gave them dexamethasone and then sent them to a care home instead where they would die
They're pneumonia because they weren't in the icu anymore or something like that
Imagine what you can imagine if you're an md and not me
And why there's no md imagining how all the ways that we made a mistake and ended up murdering people
Why isn't any or any of these mds that are in front of us willing to go?
Hey, wait a minute
If I was right about ivermectin then that means they were wrong about
High flow oxygen. They were wrong about ventilators. They were wrong about gremdesivir
They were wrong about medazolab. They were wrong about morphine. They were wrong about not feeding people
They were wrong about not giving them water and they were wrong about all that stuff
But instead
Some most of these people just say if not all of them say that ivermectin ivermectin ivermectin they were wrong about ivermectin
And the list is not even done yet of course because in addition to the things we just mentioned there's a huge
Increase in in the all-cause mortality across the younger age groups not associated with a risk additive spreading respiratory pathogen
but with a risk additive
synthetic chemical opiate
That in extremely small quantities even on skin exposure can kill people
And the flooding of our streets with this material
Completely ignored by all these people that purport to be patriots
So the death certificate fraud and the financial incentives to commit it
The track and trace the masks the closures the mandates the pcr fraud the lateral flow test fraud
How many of these things were produced in china the pcr testing the lateral flow testing come on?
This is absolutely absurd
The sequencing fraud they claim that we could have but we didn't and now we have 15 million
Sequences of this virus but we haven't been paying attention to these hiv inserts or the fear and cleavage site
Or the staphylcocadenterotoxin B homology or any of these other mimicry
Sequences that we said were bad in the original sequence hell
We've got these we identified these amyloid eigenic sequences
But we haven't bothered to see whether they're in delta or an omicron either
And we identified a few pre antigenic sequences
But you know who cares they're really close to the receptor binding domain that everybody's paying attention to so
I wonder if we should pay attention to which variants those things are in
It's all part of a giant set of hamster wheels
It's like a great big lala palooza of liars and they've all been coerced or coordinatedly
Coordinatedly
Forced to accept this this narrative and to not question it until it's going to be okay on the script
And so a lot of them have made progress and all you're going to see some of the progress
They they should purport to have made but it's an illusion
It's an illusion because the illusion of consensus still exists that there was a risk additive pathogen
I think
I think I have this right do I have this right
It's up here
No, I don't
Hold on one second. Give me a second give me a second
How are you guys doing is it still in sync? Are we really killing it now? That's really great if it's true
Um
How about that there we go
Okay, let's see if this works. Oh, man, what happened. I wanted my song. I didn't my song play
How come it's not playing what the hell
Cannot play media. Oh, I gotta I gotta escape. I guess I just
Blue out some some circuits here
It'll come back. Don't worry. I trust I trust the machine
This this guy is pretty pretty stable with me
Okay
Okay, so today we are going to look at a video with um, Campbell and girodo and Weinstein about
Aspiration, I hope I spelled that correctly and we're trying to build an understanding of the illusion and how it was built
Mark's urodo is a really interesting character because
I've noticed a pattern
Some of these slowly being elevated people
All share one common sort of connection that at one point in time in 2022 or late 2021
They were all involved in steve curses steering committee and
Also involved in panda
And a lot of these people were present in both groups when I was invited to present to panda for the first time
And I think it was after my second presentation at panda that I was finally
Invited to steve curses steering committee where I then found out that marxia redo
John bodewin matt crawford
Jessica rose and
Stephanie sineff and even kevin mccurnan. We're all part of this group of people that kind of met every week on thursdays
And and and when I got invited to it, it's interesting because the first meeting that I showed up to
um, steve curse said almost word-for-word what george web said when I met him in
uh, eastern pennsylvania or central pennsylvania when
Him and and marqulak had coordinated this little thing to go to the windber institute and other things
I drove out there with my dog
And I met some of the supporters that that show up at some of these things and I met george web in person
And when he introduced me to the table or two of people there
Um, he introduced me as the great
Um, jonathan cooley or something like that and when I was in the in the steve curse podcast or per podcast when I was in
The steering committee when I first joined that group. Um, he said that it was such an honor to meet the
The whatever magnificent jonathan cooley or something like that. So whenever anybody introduces me like that
Or brings me into a group with a lot of overt praise
Um, i'm immediately turned off because I don't play
I'm not playing this. I don't I don't want to do this for that. That's not why i'm doing it
I'm doing it because I really feel like our sacred biology our irreducible complexity that I want my
Children to appreciate as beauty
Is being stolen from us by this by these people that are spreading this mythology that we can do
Back of them napkin calculations and think about things that are beyond our understanding right now
And it bothers me a lot that that john kambal is still
Confusing to people he saved no one in the uk from transformation
And he saved no one in the rest of the western world from
Transfection the same can be said for for a jeerado and the same can be said for bret
Weinstein and now we're going to see a podcast where they're featured together with a little tucker carlson too
It's just crazy to me
Ah, there's a cardinal in the background that's sweet
And I think we can just demonstrate this at the most blatant form of what you're talking about so we have a
That's probably a slightly larger needle than we would use normally
But when we stick that in
We don't know where it's going because we can't see it now of course
We learn learn anatomical malan mark to put it in the heart of a muscle double toy muscle or fast as lotteralis or gastrocnemius
in the
In the gluteal region, but if you if it goes into a blood vessel then it's really quite simple that
This is full of water, but if you aspirate back
then what you can see
Is the blood will go in?
however
if these
Transfection agents circulate around the body as we know they do and get taken up haphazardly
Then whatever tissues start producing use foreign proteins is going to be attacked by your immune system
So you definitely wouldn't want any of this getting near a person's heart or brain
um
Definitely not so if you don't want to get near a person's heart or brain where on
Late December 2021, Robert Malone said the spike protein would go
um
Just just curious if you noticed that
I mentioned somebody has received one of these Transfection shots and
Especially in the unfortunate case where
It has been injected intravenously, which isn't supposed to happen
But the instructions on this shot were not to aspirate the needle
The proper injection should involve pulling back on the plunger in the syringe in order to see if there's blood
If there's blood that indicates that you've landed in
A circulatory vessel and that you should back the needle off or plunge it farther so that you're not injecting indirectly into the vein
but
in the case of these shots
Amazing as the sounds the advice was don't do that because it requires the needle to be in the person's arm longer
might create extra pain and they didn't want to create vaccine hesitancy was there excuse so anyway, you might get a big bolus of
This material and it might flow right through your heart and get taken up by a bunch of cells
Yeah, and of course tell us what that means mark
Well typically that would mean that you're inserted into a blood vessel
um
But along the way as you were you know pushing that needle down in the muscle, it's going to push on cells
It's going to counter
Small veins of vennels or art or small archeries
Arterials, um and and it's going to some of the first thing to remember is that marks you to do and
Brett Weinstein are
very close to not qualified to comment on this at all
And my guess is is that neither of them have done the requisite reading in order to really be able to comment on virology or
Or molecular biology at all but marx una doh
Has made a
Name for himself on sub stack by doing all kinds of back of that napkin calculations about how many particles are in this size of a bolus
And what that means for cells and all this other things
And none of these calculations are meaningful because he's just some former farmer pharma exec
He's just somebody who worked for them before the pandemic started
So when he started speaking out as a
As an authority he was speaking out on behalf of having a career
Did he throw it away and not like Mike Eden did not like I did
Not like kurut with kausky did or or wolf gang wodok or any of these people did maryll nass lose anything so far
Has being an outspoken critic of of the anthrax vaccine and being featured in newspapers about it
Has that adversely affected her or is it just the the barn burning that happened
Push them and often cut them
And and and and that's I think
Uh, you know, I got I may I could uh as well. I think everybody got trapped into
Um the way our brain works and and and and that is the fact that for for anybody who's experienced an intravenous injection
It has to be done in a certain way in a proper way and it's extremely complicated for doctors and nurses to do that right
And therefore the the the medical community has for most likely a hundred years
Presumed
That it was
Oh, man
No, I'm sorry. If you still think stocks this is my max. So I don't have a
Passive income investment. I haven't fixed that yet. It's an old max. So I can't get all this an intravenous injection
It has to be done in a certain way in a proper way and it's extremely complicated for doctors and nurses to do that right
and therefore
The the medical community has for most likely a hundred years
Presumed
That it was nearly impossible
to hit
A vessel
um when you're doing an intramuscular injection
but the problem is
uh when you
Step back a minute and you say well is there another way
And the other way is fluid dynamics
Remember a muscle people don't realize that a muscle is actually fluid
It sells and interstitial fluid
So when you're inserting your your needle inside the muscle
And you're cutting through those vessels
These vessels are open in a fluid
Okay
And and we've known since uh pascal and bernuilla that that
That if ever you inject you push pressure on a liquid it'll go where there's least pressure
And and indeed there's least least pressure in those
in those vessels and therefore
It's not even we don't even need to prove it. It's a scientific law
If it's within the distance of of of of expansion
Of the vaccine injection or the dose
A bit of it will go if it's very close
and if the
The the vessel it's cut is actually large enough a very big dose will go
um
If it's further away
The dose will diminish a bit like if you're um, you know around a fire
If you're too close to the fire
As you're going away
There's still energy coming at you, but it's disseminated across and at one point you can't feel
The fire anymore. It's exactly the same thing
That's happening and after that
What does it mean? It I mean if you can't hear how much bullshit that is already. I don't know
I mean that that's that's we could stop right there. He's equating
How the lipid nanoparticle preparation the transfection or transformation
Disperses from the injection site
Based on the idea of like light or heat from a fire
Um, not taking into account at all the chemical composition of the lipid nanoparticle
Not taking into account at all
What what difference does that make?
You're still injecting an untested combination of substances
Into the muscle and expecting it to stay there and augment the immune system
And he's still telling a story
About how if we could just figure out how to do it right and it would stay there
Then we could use fully augment the immune system
Please
Please understand
That is the narrative that he's been pushing for like almost two years now
Behind the scenes in these forums as if he had solved the reason why previous vaccines were a problem
Because if you inject these combinations of untested substances intramuscularly and you don't do it right
It can cause autism
But if you aspirate and then do it slowly over several minutes so that you don't
You don't overstep the bounds of fluid dynamics
Then we can safely
Intramuscularly inject people with combination of substance combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system
That is the argument that is being made here
Make no mistake about it
The only reason why most of you got hurt by the vaccine
The only reason why anybody gets hurt is because people don't do it right
It speaks nothing to the absolute ludicrous idea of trying to augment the immune system
By transforming or transfecting any of your body's cells to express a foreign protein
He wants you to completely ignore the absolute absurdity of that methodology cartoon
Whether it's transformation or transfection
He wants you to ignore that and instead try to generalize across all the intramuscular injections that we give
And understand that if we just did it right all of these
Bad side effects would probably disappear because
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is only dumb
If you don't aspirate or you push too hard
Instead you have a bolus
Which is a term that you know very well and very well John because in the medical
Establishment in hospitals when you want to deliver a drug
in a concentrated fashion
To the brain to do or to a contrast agent to the brain to do a brain scan for example
Or a drug to the heart or to deliver you actually inject it
with varying
speeds
Abolus a high concentration dose of particles
drugs or others
So that they are delivered in a concentrated fashion
So we know
That's
Systematically when you inject a vaccine, especially those curvy vaccines you are going to
Deliver somewhere into the body a concentrated dose of that vaccine
And that's a big problem
That's that's that's a very big problem because remember
So as long as the dosage isn't concentrated as long as you don't inject a bolus
It's going to be fine
If the lipid nanoparticle and its contents leak out through your body over the course of several hours
And thereby reach many more tissues in a much more dispersed way
I can tell you one thing for sure the likelihood of symptoms showing up in real time in a few days or a few weeks
is much lower
Because the immune system will attack fewer cells which means it will produce fewer possibilities
Maybe of an autoimmune reaction in any one place which means that any one place won't be damaged
You won't have a ruptured artery for the first three years
Or the first year like my friend nathan because it spread all through his body and the autoimmunity built up over time
And it was very slow
Whereas if you get a bolus in there and you can get it all in one place and maybe it'll destroy your aorta
But it won't be autoimmunity that destroys your aorta
It's just your immune system getting rid of the cells that express the foreign protein
The idea that challenging your immune system to decide whether or not they should just kill this cell or also build immunity
Immune memory to it is a very dumb challenge to put your immune system through and that challenge
I've argued with him before in private zoom meetings on panda and in front of steve kirsch
And he has talked over me and said that you're ridiculous jj and you're just too fired up
And none of this matters because bolus bolus bolus
This is a medler of the highest order being promoted by other medlers of the highest order
And the only reason why he wasn't on the dark horse podcast
Is because I sent a message to bret saying that if you have marx juda doe on your podcast
He is such a medler. You will look like a fool
And so instead what did the team do the team had bret go on on
On tucker carlson for a second time and in that second interview not the first interview
But the second interview he says
Agent twice and talks about the bolus theory
Meaning that the transfection agent might not be so bad if we were aware of the bolus theory
I hope you can see how malevolent
And how obvious it is that these people are not working for america. They are not helping americans
This is another foreigner
Campbell is a foreigner and they have very
uh
Developed opinions that do not question the fundamental narrative of a novel virus
That people needed to be transfected and transformed in order to prevent to to prevent it from going endemic
To prevent them from dying in the hospital that narrative
Is never questioned by these people when they say bolus bolus bolus bolus aspiration blood
And
That's why you can see john campbells still not saving anyone and neither is mike girdro
And for sure is not bret wine steam
I don't know if we had spoken about that last time, but these technologies emerge from
anti-cancer vaccines, right
Uh, what do anti-cancer vaccines do they they there's they're they're intended not to
trigger antibodies but to trigger t cells that are attacking tumors
So any one of these um
The transfected cells
It's interesting because he says attacking tumors. That's again
Him being a real shifty guy or being coached incorrectly on the the language, but any
effective
m rna aimed at a tumor is going to try to get the immune system to make a memory
That represents the cells in that tumor and allows it to differentiate from your own tissue
It's not to get t cells to go somewhere and do something
You're not putting a flag on the outside of the the tumor cells and then the t cells come in and act on that flag
Which is exactly what?
Transfection to any protein if it's a spike protein or a viral protein or just an immunogen that was designed by epivacs and and and enovial
It is it is putting a flag on cells and telling the immune system
I dare you to kill this cell and not make memory to it
I dare you to kill this tissue cell and not make immune memory to it
I dare you to kill this one and not make immune memory to it
Even though
You're not supposed to be killing these cells anyway because they're on the inside of your body where the immune system is protecting rather than patrolling except for cancer
And so the immune system might want to make memory of cancer if it binds in so the immune system might want to make memory of a cell
That expresses a foreign protein and that might result in autoimmunity
And this man and robermalone and all of these people who have been inadequate and explaining that that was the fundamental objection to
Using transformation and transfection from the very beginning
It's a fundamental objection that we could have made from the very beginning
And the only reason why we did it is because these people are in a part of a coordinated effort to make sure we didn't
So
That would have taken
Part of those the vaccine a particle of vaccines will eventually get destroyed
By the immune system and if that's concentrated
Okay, if that's only if that's concentrated
That's a that's a real problem because it's going to
To pose a challenge
To the environment
That is hitting we've never evolved for
you know large swaths of our
Linings of the the linings of our blood vessels to be it's not for nothing that he says we haven't evolved
It's very very coordinated. They want you to think about that, but this is a this is you're a product of nothing special
You're just a machine mindless machine made up of all kinds of little machines
And this this irreducible complexity is is an illusion and and a few back in the napkin calculations
We'll show you that it's really just fluid dynamics
Life and the immune system and an intramuscular injection is as simple as fluid dynamics going wrong
That's the reason why interacting with this irreducible complexity that we call the immune system is really
Complicated because intramuscular injection is difficult to do right
Joy by our immune system, right?
That's what we're seeing with with white cloth syndromes for example that you've been discussing recently
We've never evolved for that and it triggers a number of in that
So did he just suggest that that white cloth syndrome is explained by the bolus theory
Is he suggesting that the white cloths can be explained as what then
Are they clotting? What are they made of? I wonder if there's any IgG in there
I wonder if there's any light chain antibodies in that white stuff that they find in these people
Because one of the ways that
Transfection was known to probably go wrong
Would be to create a B so myeloma where you would have systemic amyloidosis
And the amyloidosis would be in the form of overproduced light chain antibody sequences
Made by B cells out of control
So I find it really interesting that somebody like kevin mccairn who's been on
Line for a very long time talking about amyloidosis and how the spike protein has amyloidogenic sequences in it
Has never bothered to explain to his viewers that
Amyloidosis at least from a systemic standpoint is most often
Manifest as a B cell myeloma or more rarely as a T cell myeloma
Which results in overproduction of light chain antibody proteins that start to link up and form amyloid
plaques
in cells and in in in in in uh extracellular spaces
And
So what you see very very clearly is a group of people
Like judy mikovitz and robert malone who have worked together or or crossed paths in their careers for years
That have been involved in the ongoing narrative about retroviruses called hiv or xmrv or or
Or human lymphocyte
uh
What is it htlv something like that all of these different retroviruses that are supposedly
Found by these people that are latent in the background that could explain vaccine injury could explain chronic fatigue syndrome and now suddenly
chronic peteam syndrome and all this stuff is just vanished and all it is is long covid and and here we are
Where a guy like marx uro doh is going to spend an hour and a half with
With john kamble talking bolus bolus bolus instead of murder and lies murder and lies murder and lies
And now it basically then it's just lies
Sis
Uh, which which are which should align very much with all of the um adverse events that we've seen
What?
There's two
the
uh, which which are which aligned very much with all of the
Of the the linings of our blood vessels to be destroyed by our immune system
Right, that's what we're seeing with with white cloth syndromes for example
That you've been discussing recently
We've never resolved for that and it triggers a number of imbalances
Uh, which which are which aligned very much with all of the um adverse events that we've seen
And there's two things that obviously we want to aspirate and
Stop pointing that out
National guidelines telling nurses and doctors not to aspirate. It's just unbelievable. We should be aspirating all injections
And as you pointed out mark
It's how quick you inject it. So if you if you inject something really quite slowly
Then you're going to get relatively low low pressure
If you inject if you inject it quickly
Unbelievable then you're going to get high pressure. It's going to be unbelievable
That they're playing this if we inject it quickly. We're going to destroy
These the walls of these delicate blood vessels as you say capillaries arterials venules very delicate walls
And that means that the fluid that we've injected this in this
Interstitial space is going to go into the blood vessels. Don't let them fool you first of all
He's holding up a great bang syringe. That's already stupid
I don't know what the volume of the shot was but it wasn't it wasn't multi milliliters
and so
again, we're talking about
We're misconstruing things as explaining more than they explain
Is it possible that a certain percentage of people are
Their reaction to an intramuscular injection is compounded by
by
In an ad verdant IV or or interior arterial injection. It's possible
I'm going to say that's not the case one of the anecdotes that he uses is these bodybuilders that are injecting a
milliliter to of
Of testosterone and when they do that sometimes they get a big tingling thing because it went intravenously and other times
It doesn't and they can tell the difference
This doesn't change the fact that the testosterone seems to affect all the muscles in their body now does it
Whether or not they get the rush
And the numbness or whatever happens when they get an IV injection or whether it goes normally
The testosterone doesn't either
Affect only the muscle you injected in like that quad
But not the right quad but the left quad
Unless you hit the vein and then it'll affect all the muscles in your body
That's the ridiculousness of the discussion that they're having right here because that is
Indeed one of the anecdotal observations that marx juda doe used to throw out all the time
That supported the idea that bolus injection was important
And bodybuilders confirm it
Do they
Or do bodybuilders that know how to do intramuscular injection have to inject in every muscle
Or something like that
And I know you're going to argue. Oh, no rna's bigger or the lipid nanoparticles bigger
No, it's the fundamental argument that intramuscular injection when done correctly is is a okay way of putting stuff into somebody's body
I'm trying to make the argument that that fundamental idea of him holding a needle up in my face
Actually bothers me a lot because I don't actually understand why that's considered a good idea anymore
If you need it to go in you need it to either go here, right?
Or you need it to go here, but then very slowly
I don't think there's ever a good reason to put something in there
Now maybe if it's a pure substance with saline and it's a chemical that will go everywhere like testosterone
Then maybe the ramifications aren't and the and the repercussions are not that big of a deal
Maybe occasionally you will get some tissue damage or necrosis there because of the nature of the bolus idea
Maybe occasionally every once in a while. Maybe somebody has a heart attack from that or something. I don't know
But what I need you to see is that these two
fakers plus
Plus plus that faker on tucker carlson
They're all not talking about the fact that they they probably
Lied about how many people died in new york city and lied about how many people died in italy
And lied about how many people were testing positive and then lied about whether they were actually testing positive or they were just model projections
And this combination of lies and deception
And the spectacular commitment to believing all of them that was led by
Weinstein and Campbell
on youtube
Led everybody to think that the mystery to solve was where the hell did this king come from
And how bad is it going to be?
Instead of focusing on the biology the ridiculousness of transforming or transfecting
Innocent people that are healthy and have no risk added in pathogen to fear
None of that biology was questioned by marx geno doe the super smart guy
None of that biology has been questioned by this guy and this guy is actually waving a red needle in your face
To get relatively low low pressure
If you're injected if you inject it quickly
Then you're going to get high pressure it's going to go everywhere
And if we inject it quickly we're going to destroy
These the walls of these delicate blood vessels as you say capillaries arterials venules very delicate walls
And that means that the fluid that we've injected this in this
Interstitial space is going to go into the blood vessels and you've actually calculated with Pfizer and Moderna, I believe
how big an area
this
Depot that there's this
Fomalous that's being given we'll occupy in the muscle. Yes. It's an expansion of fear in a way
From you know with the the needles tip
At the center and it's about 0.8 centimeters for Pfizer and about 1.1 if I recall
For modana because they have a larger dose there's 0.5 millimeter and 0.3 millimeter for Pfizer
so
Within that area you're at risk now. What's important after that?
Details that don't matter the size of the syringe was different. Oh, man. Maybe that explains it
Holy balls
Stan is that
There is also a preconceived idea
That it's okay, even if it's a small part of the dose
Right and remember Pfizer
At least that's what they said originally
Had said that they their vaccine was 10 billion nanoparticles and Muliana said 40 billion now
I had calculated that a coin size, you know a coin size
aneurysm in the aorta is about
60,000 cells
Okay, so
60,000 nanoparticles hitting your aorta in a concentrated fashion
During that first minute, okay, because of what i'm talking about is this bolus
Has a very short window of opportunity between the moment
It's inactive because it's coated and the moment it's disseminated and completely fragmented and diluted
There's a short window
During which it can actually be very dangerous
And and so is he really now limiting himself to explaining all the those events that occur
Moments later or or minutes later
And all the other events then are not caused by this bolus, right?
That's almost what he's admitting right here. I wonder if john kamble will pick up on that
You know just so you understand that little
coin size aneurysm that that's will
Eventually, you know for five months later
You know crack and open up and you'll have this section of your aorta and you will die
um
This is zero points zero zero zero six percent
Of the Pfizer vaccine it's a tiny
Share of it and therefore
And i'm not even talking about a stroke
In the brain or you know my best friend who had who had a leak an arterial leak had
His leak almost killed him and it was one millimeter
Uh
Why the one mill one square millimeter and and within 10 days he was dying
Uh because he was losing his blood
Uh, so and that's a one millimeter is
750 and so then what happened they closed the hole
There was no auto immunity. He's still alive. They just went in and found the one millimeter hole and closed it
What kind of bull shit story is this?
Uh and to tell yourself it's it's nothing
Therefore, this is this is did he really say that?
And that's what he was dying
Uh because he was losing his blood. Uh, so and that's a one millimeter is 750
One millimeter hole. Do you actually believe that there if there was a one millimeter hole
In an artery that your clotting mechanism wouldn't cover it
That the flexibility of the endothelial cells wouldn't close that hole easily that
That clotting wouldn't happen. Do you really build a one millimeter hole?
Think about that for a second, please because you've had paper cuts that bleed shorter than that
You've had paper cuts that are
Are our centimeters long and and are able to clot up and close in a matter of minutes
I just can't believe he's saying this. What does that even mean?
How did they verify that there was a one millimeter hole in whatever arteries he's talking about?
This is the level of bullshit that they are engaged in right now
The level of cover that they think that they have already established with the with the mouth breathing tv watching public and the skilled
Social media users that are that this is aimed at
We are being actively insulted by the lack of depth that this this shitty model
Um even purports to explain it's extraordinary
Uh endothelial cells. It's it's nothing
Therefore, this is this is very important
And I think what's going to we're going to have to to contemplate is completely overhauling the delivery mechanisms of vaccines
Um and potentially have other drugs
Uh that are causing uh, we're going to need all new technology to deliver this shit. Oh my gosh
You know we should call we should call robert melon because he
Has these devices at an obeo that you could electroperate the skin
And so we could convert all the the rna to dna and then we could electroperate that dna or rna into the skin
And we would avoid this problem all together
I think that that maybe mark jeera doh and and robert melon are on the same team. Wouldn't that be surprising
Similar problems
Of course, this is the way i've been taught to to give medicines or my life
I learned to do intramuscular injections when i was 18 and you
You put it in you take care to us again stabilizing the needle stop showing me the red needle
Inject it relatively slowly
And yet for some reason the world health organization changed these guidelines. It's just bizarre
That the world health organizations would change safe tried and tested guidelines for what I consider to be on safe practice
It's obviously unsafe
That's certain and it's the fact that we've added that
The fact that we've added so many new shots
Okay
So by by my my calculation because even with aspiration for example if you take the the bodybuilders
So is he gonna point oh
Did you hear it the bodybuilders? So we're going we'll get we'll let him play
But you you you understand right that there's no useful objection here
In other words, he's a frenchman
He could be very sophisticated enough to understand that hey, you know this national security state in the united states that push these shots
Yeah, have you ever compared the united states vaccine schedule to the french vaccine schedule you ever compared the united states vaccine schedule to the rest of the european schedule
Because it's notably different is he gonna say that no he's gonna keep repeating stuff about bolus bolus bolus
Because just like the rest of these team worst case scenario participants
They have one or two messages that they're supposed to stick to they have one or two
Questions that they want to make sure you ask and waste enough time and cognitive energy trying to
Pull yourself away from those questions that you don't use fully question the heart of the narrative
Which is that they murdered people and lied about it
Um
Have a tremendous experience with that and and they have a feedback loop that's immediate. It's called trend cough
when the when the when the steroids they inject themselves
Gets to the lungs they they start coughing and because they collapse so they have feedback
They know that even
World aspiration and and injecting slowly there's a minimum of two percent
I believe that about five percent of injections are dangerous
and therefore
When you do so again now where you can hear it very clearly there is no other danger other than the misapplication
Of intramuscular injection and some combination of or rather some proportion are always bad because we do it wrong
And previously 30 seconds ago. He said we need new technologies to deliver vaccines
So is he questioning vaccines at all is he questioning the vaccine schedule in america versus other places
Is he questioning any of these disparities in terms of applying more and more of these vaccines to old people?
Is he zeroing in on any of the subtleties of this this, you know model that he has in his head?
absolutely not
Because he is 100 percent a medler
He is 100 percent working for them whoever they are
And generally speaking that is weaponized piles of money that are trying to control
Demolish the united states and have us do it for them
Math when you start I have in the book. I don't know if you it can show but fundamentally, you know, I
The more you vaccinate the less test of staying healthy you are and there's a point to which
The entire population and notably the young because they've been vaccinated much more than we have
Much more
And so he is really trying to explain away all vaccine injury by the misapplication of intramuscular injection
And the more shots you get the more likely it is that you're going to get unlucky and get an intramuscular injection that goes wrong
It has nothing to do with the untested combination of substances being injected into your body
Behind the barriers that your immune system
protects
And trying to usefully augment a sacred irreducible complexity that they don't have the knowledge
to usefully augment
My voice is starting to get tired so I might have to end it soon, but I hope you can see how awful this is
You do the simulation for example in the book. I have a simulation of
of the entire u.s. population
I did that really back of the envelope, but I end up with about 55 million people
with clinical injuries and about 190 million people with injury harmed by the vaccines
Right and and when you look at the ballpark figure, it's it's very it's very consistent with
the high
Level of disabled in the u.s. I think there's 64 million people
Who are disabled in the u.s. out of a population of 340 million
And one of my messages in the book at the end is is to say look we need to wake up
We need to awaken my conclusion is awake
People we need to awaken to this because if we continue with us
Then everybody's going to be sick and we're going to be in in in a in a civilization
Where you're going to have more people sick than actually healthy
and and for something as trivial
as as a poorly
Designed or flawed delivery protocol that's repeated billions of times. I've come from the automotive industry
In the automotive industry
You know that if you if you you know if you have a problem on your car and you're
Automotive industry. I thought he worked for pharmaceutical companies on RNA vaccines for cancer. What is this shit?
And you sell 100 million cars. It's going to come back to haunt you
This is much worse than that. It is definitely a used car salesman at least from the perspective of a biologist
He's a used car salesman. I don't know really what to say
Other than they are all lying about this graphic right here
They're all lying about what happened to New York and elsewhere
They're lying about whether those numbers are significant or not and they're not
They're not significant and not for the reasons that they said
They instead are participating in a national security operation
Which is designed to invert our sovereignty to permissions and especially that of our children
We have to fight back against this in any way possible
And that includes exposing the people who are perpetuating these lies
They may not all be willingly participating. They may not all be wittingly participating
But most of these people on the screen are participating in hiding
the the the message of Byron brittle they are they are hiding the message of
Denny rancor they are hiding the message of
Of nick hudson and instead perpetuating the mythology of a dangerous novel virus for which
Transfection and transformation were briefly justified and likely came from gain of function and therefore will come again
That's why they have to ignore that they saw them in romani and didn't invite them
To share their insight at the senate but instead invited other people to come to the senate and instead
Invited the same people that have been speaking at these international covid summits for four years straight now
Saying the same thing
Very slowly titrating the left and the right the young and the old into accepting that there was a pandemic
It was a novel virus. It was probably released maybe on purpose
And it's got all these pieces that make people sick because they put them in there
And so we have to argue with the who or the who is going to take over the world
What I think that these people have effectively done is covered up the fact
That transfection and healthy humans was always criminally negligent and I certainly knew it
And they are covering up the fact that we have figured out that RNA cannot pandemic the no virus stick didn't work on us
And the RNA virology is exactly as we said and more didn't work on us either
And instead we have oscillated and and and studied and worked very hard to come to the conclusion
that they have lied about murder in order to
confound our understanding to the point where
Unwitting participants like doctors and nurses early on bought into it
And we have been sold books about it
And we have been been offered salaries to participate in writing these books
And uh all of these books do the same thing
And I do want to make one correction because this book
COVID-19 and the global predators is pretty close to spot on right there's a virus in here
There's bio-weapons in here
But they have that what this book does do very well is that it shows that they've been talking about this shit for a long time
And implying this threat for a long time and making plans
To deal with the threat for a long time. And so I find it very curious in fact
that
For the last three or four years we were made to believe that the author of this book was suing the authors of this book because
The authors of this book said that this guy is misusing the term mass psychosis
And so we were supposed to believe that we weren't hearing anything from the breggans who have been speaking out against psychiatry and psychiatric medicine for decades
And we couldn't hear them because they were under pressure of this lawsuit from this guy
Who supposedly is the the whistleblower to to listen to
All about team worst case scenario, it's all about these medlers that
You know, you got to see them for what they are. They're all part of the same
Orchestrated theater
Some of them didn't come in until act one or act two some of them were already on stage in the in the pre-show
Some of them were opening bands in 2017-18 and 19 on bros with shows podcasts
But anyway that they did it. This is how they did it. They declared a dangerous novel virus
But there may have already they may have characterized the background already
They may have known what these tests would find. They also may know that the tests find nothing. It could be any way. It's a crime
I don't know what they did
I just know that what they said they did
Which is declared a dangerous pandemic and then responded poorly to it is an absolute lie and it's part of the stunt
the stunt script
It's very similar to the brochure version the spars pandemic the brochure version
James giordano's explanation but much more complicated because it involved
Several coordinated liars on the internet ladies and gentlemen stop all
Transfections and humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
And uh, I think it's that song that I need to write have right there is that the right one except the right one
Yes, it is
Um, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. If you want to share this work
You can share it from giggle on biological.com. Can anybody confirm to me? Are we still in sync?
Have we figured this out? Thanks very much for joining me. Thanks for having the patience to be here right now
Um, perfect. Thank you very much pamela
Um, and uh, yeah, ladies and gentlemen, these are the people that support the stream
I will spend some time in the next couple of days updating this list
I need to work on my red pill expo
Presentation and I need to do some other things
Um for a consulting gig that I'm doing so it is possible that I won't be on tomorrow
There's nothing scheduled. It's also possible that I'll just randomly show up
Um, but I do need to do other things
Um, and that includes actual work to try and to try and make um some scratch
Um to to complement or supplement
Um, the the wonderful support that I received from all those subscribers and the people that just
Send me money at my at my peel box. Thank you very much
To matt and eileen, I won't say anymore, but thank you very much
I
I really appreciate it and everybody else. Um, just thanks a lot and uh, I'll see you again probably sunday
But maybe tomorrow sunday for sure. Bye bye
It went blurry
Maybe I was just stepping in the wrong place. You see I can go back away from it. I don't get blurry. I don't know
It'll be all right. Um
I'll get in touch with molly james. I'll see what I can do
I